Update and simplify README (#6645)
Microsoft/visualfsharp: README.md

> # The F# language, Core library, and F# editor tools

Reviewer: "F# language" - maybe instead "F# compiler"?

> # The F# language, Core library, and F# tools for Visual Studio

Reviewer 2: I think it could be probably better to call it something like "F# editor tooling".
```suggestion
# The F# language, Core library, and F# editor tools
```

|dev15.9|[![Build Status](https://dnceng.visualstudio.com/_apis/public/build/definitions/9ee6d478-d288-47f7-aacc-f6e6d082ae6d/106/badge?branchname=dev15.9)](https://dnceng.visualstudio.com/public/public%20Team/_build?definitionId=106&_a=history)|
|dev16.0|[![Build Status](https://dnceng.visualstudio.com/_apis/public/build/definitions/9ee6d478-d288-47f7-aacc-f6e6d082ae6d/106/badge?branchname=dev16.0)](https://dnceng.visualstudio.com/public/public%20Team/_build?definitionId=106&_a=history)|

## Using nightly releases in Visual Studio

> You can use the latest `master` build of the F# compiler and tools for Visual Studio via our nightly releases if you are a Visual Studio users. See details on setup here:

Reviewer: s/users/user/

https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/dotnet/2017/03/14/announcing-nightly-releases-for-the-visual-f-tools/

### Even more nightly than the nightly

Alternatively, if you _really_ want to live on the bleeding edge, you can set up a nightly feed for the Visual Studio preview releases, which use the latest commit in the preview branch. To do so, follow the same instructions as the above blog post, but instead with these links:

> * Set your feed to the [preview feed](https://dotnet.myget.org/F/fsharp-preview/vsix)

Reviewer: Maybe just put the links in verbatim? You don't actually want to visit this link in your web browser.

1. Use the [F# language suggestions repo](https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-suggestions/) to search for ideas, vote on ones you like, submit new ideas, and discuss details with the F# community.
2. Ideas that are "approved in principle" are eligible for a new RFC in the [F# language design repo](https://github.com/fsharp/fslang-design). This is where the technical specification and discussion of approved suggestions go.
3. Implementations and testing of an RFC are submitted to this repository.

## Additional project documentation

The following links can help you get an overview of some technical aspects of the F# language and compiler:

* [The F# Compiler Technical Guide](http://fsharp.github.io/2015/09/29/fsharp-compiler-guide.html) 
* [The F# Language Specification](http://fsharp.org/specs/language-spec/)

## License

This project is subject to the MIT License. A copy of this license is in [License.txt](License.txt).

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopts the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/) code of conduct to clarify expected behavior in our community. You can read it at [CODE_OF_CONDUCT](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Get In Touch

> Members of the [F# Software Foundation](http://fsharp.org) are invited to the [FSSF Slack](http://fsharp.org/guides/slack/). The `#compiler` and `#editor-support` channels are where other contributors typically chat with others.

Reviewer: I think the last sentence here is worded a tad strange. Maybe something like:

"You can find support from other contributors in the `#compiler` and `#editor-support` channels."
